All right, so,
I had to do on like performance of
measuring performance in your team.
Because there's a lot of bad
metrics that you can look at for
measuring performance, and
I'm sure I'm not covering them all, so
definitely audience,
people on stream, shout them out.
We've all seen the bad ones out there.
Lines of code is not a good measurement,
remember that.
No, it's not great.
That's not efficient doing that or
number of commits.
All right, if that's it, I'm just gonna
commit every little line of code I wrote.
And that's a commit,
like these are metrics that just don't
really give you any insights
into high performance and
not really something that
you should be measuring.
Time-based metrics,
time spent in the office.
I mean, why?
I mean, as long as someone's getting
their job done effectively, that's great.
A lot of teams have or
companies have unlimited vacation.
It's I love that.
You're not paying attention
to the time that people take.
People need vacation in
order to perform well.
They need that time out of the office.
And so, you don't need to measure how much
time it is, granted, if they're never
there and never delivering, okay,
maybe that becomes a problem.
But time-based ofbhow much time you spend
on something may not be a great metric.
>> One pitfall I've seen with unlimited
PTO that I think actually does warrant
a time-based metric is making sure
people are taking some time off.
I, for example,
have an employee who asked me for
two weeks off a couple of weeks ago,
because he'd only taken three days off so
far this year, and
that's through my filters and
told me that I should probably be checking
in on that every quarter with folks and
figuring out, who's maybe not taking
the breaks that they need, so
that I don't have an unexpected
two-week off period.
Where I want him to take the time off,
he clearly needs to take the time off, but
I would rather know about it
a little further in advance and
also be able to plan for
it a little more effectively.
>> Absolutely.
I like the, like sometimes companies
will do like the minimum, like minimum,
is like that's a good one.
It's like it's forcing people
to take that time, and
actually that is one time I might be
paying attention to like time office.
This person hasn't taken time off.
I'm not watching, but you kinda know when
you're like, I feel like it hasn't been
and you can ask them,
when was the last time you took time off?
You thinking maybe you should at some
point and nudging them, but yeah,
you can kind of get ahead of that,
I love that call out.
That is a really good one.
Quantity over quality.
It's like just cuz someone does a lot
of something doesn't really necessarily
mean it's great.
Maybe in some cases, but
I think you can kinda run down weird areas
of trying to measure that for performance.
So these are some of the items I had.
I'm curious, what are some of the other
horror stories you've all seen, or
things that managers probably shouldn't
be measuring for performance?
Jem, you're smiling.
>> We have a section coming up.
I don't wanna steal my own thunder.
>> Okay, that's fair.
That is fair.
Anything else that people have seen
companies maybe pay attention to or track?
Yes.
>> Associating card points to hours.
>> That's a good one too.
So if anyone's done like the card points,
and figuring out for
the tracking to hours.
Also, if you're given like
30 hours to do something,
oftentimes people fill that time with 30
hours when it might have taken 15 and so
thinking about that as tracking to hours,
that's a good call out.
Dustin, I saw, yep.
Yeah for you in the chat, PRs,
your tickets completed, meetings attended,
how many stories you've completed in a
sprint or how many spill overs you've had?
Yes, all good ones.
Man, I must be performing really well.
I'm in a lot of meetings
as an engineering manager.
Yes, I'm doing well.
Yes, all those things.
It's like that's not something to measure.
You might have to be in a lot of meetings.
You might not need to be in meetings,
it all depends.
And that should definitely
not be a measurement,
number of pull requests you have,
it doesn't really tell me much.